Report most accomplished pilots (#1)
jcasoli/review-pull-request: star-wars.Rmd

```{r setup, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = FALSE)
library(dplyr)
library(tidyr)
library(knitr)
```

## Most accomplished

Below we look at which 5 characters from Star Wars are the most accomplished pilot (flew the fewest number of starships):

```{r table-of-most-accomplished-pilots}
accomp_pilots <- starwars %>% 

>   unnest(films) %>% 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  unnest(starships) |> 
```

  group_by(name) %>% 
  tally() %>% 
  arrange(desc(n)) %>% 
  head(10)

kable(accomp_pilots,
  col.names = c("Character", "Number of Starships piloted"))
```

> By far, the most accomplished pilot of all is `r accomp_pilots$name[1]`. He is shown below piloting a starship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By far, the most accomplished pilot of all is `Heor`. He is shown below piloting a starship.
```
